---
layout: default
title: "First Post"
---

<p style="line-height: 1.5;">So. This is my first post. I haven't tackled blogging in a solid ten years. It feels really odd starting again. I don't know what to think. And don't try to find that old blog. It's the musings of a ten-year-old who thought that the longest possible URL would be catchy. And of course, once that blog did well, I decided to literally create ten other free blogs, none of which rose to the prowess of the first with its whopping 20 followers. Shocker.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.5;">Let's see how this creative journey goes. I'm planning to get away from academia - at least for now - to break from that neverending treadmill of achievement through grades and government research grants. I'll just have to see where this new path takes me.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.5;">Except it's not really a new path. It's actually an old path - an old dream. I've always wanted to pursue writing and creative work, but sometime in high school something got into my head that I ought to try to pursue a more viable and stable career. I think that thought was aided by the realization that I loved calculus and physics. But why can't I love both? Besides, calculus is the most artful of the maths (although I am rather biased). What's more beautiful than understanding the impossible yet fundamental mathematics of change and adaptation?</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.5;">And so, that brings me here, torn between two worlds, clinging to a childhood dream of creativity and imagination. We'll just have to see where it leads me.</p>
